docs/providers/aws/guide/serverless.yml.md, before:

<!--
title: Serverless Framework - AWS Lambda Guide - Serverless.yml Reference
menuText: Serverless.yml
menuOrder: 16
description: A list of all available properties on serverless.yml for AWS
layout: Doc
-->

<!-- DOCS-SITE-LINK:START automatically generated  -->
### [Read this on the main serverless docs site](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/serverless.yml)
<!-- DOCS-SITE-LINK:END -->

# Serverless.yml Reference

Here is a list of all available properties in `serverless.yml` when the provider is set to `aws`.

```yml
# serverless.yml

service:
  name: myService
  awsKmsKeyArn: arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:XXXXXX:key/some-hash # Optional KMS key arn which will be used for encryption for all functions

frameworkVersion: ">=1.0.0 <2.0.0"

provider:
  name: aws
  runtime: nodejs10.x
  stage: ${opt:stage, 'dev'} # Set the default stage used. Default is dev
  region: ${opt:region, 'us-east-1'} # Overwrite the default region used. Default is us-east-1
  stackName: custom-stack-name # Use a custom name for the CloudFormation stack
  apiName: custom-api-name # Use a custom name for the API Gateway API
  websocketsApiName: custom-websockets-api-name # Use a custom name for the websockets API
  websocketsApiRouteSelectionExpression: $request.body.route # custom route selection expression
  profile: production # The default profile to use with this service
  memorySize: 512 # Overwrite the default memory size. Default is 1024
  reservedConcurrency: 5 # optional, Overwrite the default reserved concurrency limit. By default, AWS uses account concurrency limit
  timeout: 10 # The default is 6 seconds. Note: API Gateway current maximum is 30 seconds
  logRetentionInDays: 14 # Set the default RetentionInDays for a CloudWatch LogGroup
  deploymentBucket:
    name: com.serverless.${self:provider.region}.deploys # Deployment bucket name. Default is generated by the framework
    serverSideEncryption: AES256 # when using server-side encryption
    tags: # Tags that will be added to each of the deployment resources
      key1: value1
      key2: value2
  deploymentPrefix: serverless # The S3 prefix under which deployed artifacts should be stored. Default is serverless
  role: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # Overwrite the default IAM role which is used for all functions
  cfnRole: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # ARN of an IAM role for CloudFormation service. If specified, CloudFormation uses the role's credentials
  versionFunctions: false # Optional function versioning
  environment: # Service wide environment variables
    serviceEnvVar: 123456789
  endpointType: regional # Optional endpoint configuration for API Gateway REST API. Default is Edge.
  apiKeys: # List of API keys to be used by your service API Gateway REST API
    - myFirstKey
    - ${opt:stage}-myFirstKey
    - ${env:MY_API_KEY} # you can hide it in a serverless variable
  apiGateway: # Optional API Gateway global config
    restApiId: xxxxxxxxxx # REST API resource ID. Default is generated by the framework
    restApiRootResourceId: xxxxxxxxxx # Root resource ID, represent as / path
    restApiResources: # List of existing resources that were created in the REST API. This is required or the stack will be conflicted
      '/users': xxxxxxxxxx
      '/users/create': xxxxxxxxxx
    apiKeySourceType: HEADER # Source of API key for usage plan. HEADER or AUTHORIZER.
    minimumCompressionSize: 1024 # Compress response when larger than specified size in bytes (must be between 0 and 10485760)
    description: Some Description # Optional description for the API Gateway stage deployment
    binaryMediaTypes: # Optional binary media types the API might return
      - '*/*'
  usagePlan: # Optional usage plan configuration
    quota:
      limit: 5000
      offset: 2
      period: MONTH
    throttle:
      burstLimit: 200
      rateLimit: 100
  stackTags: # Optional CF stack tags
    key: value
  iamManagedPolicies: # Optional IAM Managed Policies, which allows to include the policies into IAM Role
    - arn:aws:iam:*****:policy/some-managed-policy
  iamRoleStatements: # IAM role statements so that services can be accessed in the AWS account
    - Effect: 'Allow'
      Action:
        - 's3:ListBucket'
      Resource:
        Fn::Join:
          - ''
          - - 'arn:aws:s3:::'
            - Ref: ServerlessDeploymentBucket
  stackPolicy: # Optional CF stack policy. The example below allows updates to all resources except deleting/replacing EC2 instances (use with caution!)
    - Effect: Allow
      Principal: "*"
      Action: "Update:*"
      Resource: "*"
    - Effect: Deny
      Principal: "*"
      Resource: "*"
      Action:
        - Update:Replace
        - Update:Delete
      Condition:
        StringEquals:
          ResourceType:
            - AWS::EC2::Instance
  vpc: # Optional VPC. But if you use VPC then both subproperties (securityGroupIds and subnetIds) are required
    securityGroupIds:
      - securityGroupId1
      - securityGroupId2
    subnetIds:
      - subnetId1
      - subnetId2
  notificationArns: # List of existing Amazon SNS topics in the same region where notifications about stack events are sent.
    - 'arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:XXXXXX:mytopic'
  resourcePolicy:
    - Effect: Allow
      Principal: "*"
      Action: execute-api:Invoke
      Resource:
        - execute-api:/*/*/*
      Condition:
        IpAddress:
          aws:SourceIp:
            - "123.123.123.123"
  tags: # Optional service wide function tags
    foo: bar
    baz: qux
  tracing:
    apiGateway: true
    lambda: true # Optional, can be true (true equals 'Active'), 'Active' or 'PassThrough'
  logs:
    restApi: true # Optional configuration which specifies if API Gateway logs are used

package: # Optional deployment packaging configuration
  include: # Specify the directories and files which should be included in the deployment package
    - src/**
    - handler.js
  exclude: # Specify the directories and files which should be excluded in the deployment package
    - .git/**
    - .travis.yml
  excludeDevDependencies: false # Config if Serverless should automatically exclude dev dependencies in the deployment package. Defaults to true
  artifact: path/to/my-artifact.zip # Own package that should be used. You must provide this file.
  individually: true # Enables individual packaging for each function. If true you must provide package for each function. Defaults to false


functions:
  usersCreate: # A Function
    handler: users.create # The file and module for this specific function.
    name: ${self:provider.stage}-lambdaName # optional, Deployed Lambda name
    description: My function # The description of your function.
    memorySize: 512 # memorySize for this specific function.
    reservedConcurrency: 5 # optional, reserved concurrency limit for this function. By default, AWS uses account concurrency limit
    runtime: nodejs10.x # Runtime for this specific function. Overrides the default which is set on the provider level
    timeout: 10 # Timeout for this specific function.  Overrides the default set above.
    role: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # IAM role which will be used for this function
    onError: arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:XXXXXX:sns-topic # Optional SNS topic / SQS arn (Ref, Fn::GetAtt and Fn::ImportValue are supported as well) which will be used for the DeadLetterConfig
    awsKmsKeyArn: arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:XXXXXX:key/some-hash # Optional KMS key arn which will be used for encryption (overwrites the one defined on the service level)
    environment: # Function level environment variables
      functionEnvVar: 12345678
    tags: # Function specific tags
      foo: bar
    vpc: # Optional VPC. But if you use VPC then both subproperties (securityGroupIds and subnetIds) are required
      securityGroupIds:
        - securityGroupId1
        - securityGroupId2
      subnetIds:
        - subnetId1
        - subnetId2
    package:
      include: # Specify the directories and files which should be included in the deployment package for this specific function.
        - src/**
        - handler.js
      exclude: # Specify the directories and files which should be excluded in the deployment package for this specific function.
        - .git/**
        - .travis.yml
      artifact: path/to/my-artifact.zip # Own package that should be use for this specific function. You must provide this file.
      individually: true # Enables individual packaging for specific function. If true you must provide package for each function. Defaults to false
    layers: # An optional list Lambda Layers to use
      - arn:aws:lambda:region:XXXXXX:layer:LayerName:Y # Layer Version ARN
    tracing: Active # optional, can be 'Active' or 'PassThrough' (overwrites the one defined on the provider level)
    events: # The Events that trigger this Function
      - http: # This creates an API Gateway HTTP endpoint which can be used to trigger this function.  Learn more in "events/apigateway"
          path: users/create # Path for this endpoint
          method: get # HTTP method for this endpoint
          cors: true # Turn on CORS for this endpoint, but don't forget to return the right header in your response
          private: true # Requires clients to add API keys values in the `x-api-key` header of their request
          authorizer: # An AWS API Gateway custom authorizer function
            name: authorizerFunc # The name of the authorizer function (must be in this service)
            arn:  xxx:xxx:Lambda-Name # Can be used instead of name to reference a function outside of service
            resultTtlInSeconds: 0
            identitySource: method.request.header.Authorization
            identityValidationExpression: someRegex
            type: token # token or request. Determines input to the authorier function, called with the auth token or the entire request event. Defaults to token
      - websocket:
          route: $connect
          authorizer:
            # name: auth    NOTE: you can either use "name" or arn" properties
            arn: arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:1234567890:function:auth
            identitySource:
              - 'route.request.header.Auth'
              - 'route.request.querystring.Auth'
      - s3:
          bucket: photos
          event: s3:ObjectCreated:*
          rules:
            - prefix: uploads/
            - suffix: .jpg
      - schedule:
          name: my scheduled event
          description: a description of my scheduled event's purpose
          rate: rate(10 minutes)
          enabled: false
          # Note, you can use only one of input, inputPath, or inputTransformer
          input:
            key1: value1
            key2: value2
            stageParams:
              stage: dev
          inputPath: '$.stageVariables'
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
      - sns:
          topicName: aggregate
          displayName: Data aggregation pipeline
      - sqs:
          arn: arn:aws:sqs:region:XXXXXX:myQueue
          batchSize: 10
      - stream:
          arn: arn:aws:kinesis:region:XXXXXX:stream/foo
          batchSize: 100
          startingPosition: LATEST
          enabled: false
      - alexaSkill:
          appId: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx
          enabled: true
      - alexaSmartHome:
          appId: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx
          enabled: true
      - iot:
          name: myIoTEvent
          description: An IoT event
          enabled: true
          sql: "SELECT * FROM 'some_topic'"
          sqlVersion: beta
      - cloudwatchEvent:
          event:
            source:
              - "aws.ec2"
            detail-type:
              - "EC2 Instance State-change Notification"
            detail:
              state:
                - pending
          # Note, you can use only one of input, inputPath, or inputTransformer
          input:
            key1: value1
            key2: value2
            stageParams:
              stage: dev
          inputPath: '$.stageVariables'
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
      - cloudwatchLog:
          logGroup: '/aws/lambda/hello'
          filter: '{$.userIdentity.type = Root}'
      - cognitoUserPool:
          pool: MyUserPool
          trigger: PreSignUp

layers:
  hello: # A Lambda layer
    path: layer-dir # required, path to layer contents on disk
    name: ${self:provider.stage}-layerName # optional, Deployed Lambda layer name
    description: Description of what the lambda layer does # optional, Description to publish to AWS
    compatibleRuntimes: # optional, a list of runtimes this layer is compatible with
      - python3.7
    licenseInfo: GPLv3 # optional, a string specifying license information
    allowedAccounts: # optional, a list of AWS account IDs allowed to access this layer.
      - '*'
    retain: false # optional, false by default. If true, layer versions are not deleted as new ones are created

# The "Resources" your "Functions" use.  Raw AWS CloudFormation goes in here.
resources:
  Resources:
    usersTable:
      Type: AWS::DynamoDB::Table
      Properties:
        TableName: usersTable
        AttributeDefinitions:
          - AttributeName: email
            AttributeType: S
        KeySchema:
          - AttributeName: email
            KeyType: HASH
        ProvisionedThroughput:
          ReadCapacityUnits: 1
          WriteCapacityUnits: 1
  # The "Outputs" that your AWS CloudFormation Stack should produce.  This allows references between services.
  Outputs:
    UsersTableArn:
      Description: The ARN for the User's Table
      Value:
        "Fn::GetAtt": [ usersTable, Arn ]
      Export:
        Name: ${self:service}:${opt:stage}:UsersTableArn # see Fn::ImportValue to use in other services and http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html for documentation on use.
```

Commit message:

Add support for Websocket Logs

docs/providers/aws/guide/serverless.yml.md, after:

<!--
title: Serverless Framework - AWS Lambda Guide - Serverless.yml Reference
menuText: Serverless.yml
menuOrder: 16
description: A list of all available properties on serverless.yml for AWS
layout: Doc
-->

<!-- DOCS-SITE-LINK:START automatically generated  -->
### [Read this on the main serverless docs site](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/serverless.yml)
<!-- DOCS-SITE-LINK:END -->

# Serverless.yml Reference

Here is a list of all available properties in `serverless.yml` when the provider is set to `aws`.

```yml
# serverless.yml

service:
  name: myService
  awsKmsKeyArn: arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:XXXXXX:key/some-hash # Optional KMS key arn which will be used for encryption for all functions

frameworkVersion: ">=1.0.0 <2.0.0"

provider:
  name: aws
  runtime: nodejs10.x
  stage: ${opt:stage, 'dev'} # Set the default stage used. Default is dev
  region: ${opt:region, 'us-east-1'} # Overwrite the default region used. Default is us-east-1
  stackName: custom-stack-name # Use a custom name for the CloudFormation stack
  apiName: custom-api-name # Use a custom name for the API Gateway API
  websocketsApiName: custom-websockets-api-name # Use a custom name for the websockets API
  websocketsApiRouteSelectionExpression: $request.body.route # custom route selection expression
  profile: production # The default profile to use with this service
  memorySize: 512 # Overwrite the default memory size. Default is 1024
  reservedConcurrency: 5 # optional, Overwrite the default reserved concurrency limit. By default, AWS uses account concurrency limit
  timeout: 10 # The default is 6 seconds. Note: API Gateway current maximum is 30 seconds
  logRetentionInDays: 14 # Set the default RetentionInDays for a CloudWatch LogGroup
  deploymentBucket:
    name: com.serverless.${self:provider.region}.deploys # Deployment bucket name. Default is generated by the framework
    serverSideEncryption: AES256 # when using server-side encryption
    tags: # Tags that will be added to each of the deployment resources
      key1: value1
      key2: value2
  deploymentPrefix: serverless # The S3 prefix under which deployed artifacts should be stored. Default is serverless
  role: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # Overwrite the default IAM role which is used for all functions
  cfnRole: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # ARN of an IAM role for CloudFormation service. If specified, CloudFormation uses the role's credentials
  versionFunctions: false # Optional function versioning
  environment: # Service wide environment variables
    serviceEnvVar: 123456789
  endpointType: regional # Optional endpoint configuration for API Gateway REST API. Default is Edge.
  apiKeys: # List of API keys to be used by your service API Gateway REST API
    - myFirstKey
    - ${opt:stage}-myFirstKey
    - ${env:MY_API_KEY} # you can hide it in a serverless variable
  apiGateway: # Optional API Gateway global config
    restApiId: xxxxxxxxxx # REST API resource ID. Default is generated by the framework
    restApiRootResourceId: xxxxxxxxxx # Root resource ID, represent as / path
    restApiResources: # List of existing resources that were created in the REST API. This is required or the stack will be conflicted
      '/users': xxxxxxxxxx
      '/users/create': xxxxxxxxxx
    apiKeySourceType: HEADER # Source of API key for usage plan. HEADER or AUTHORIZER.
    minimumCompressionSize: 1024 # Compress response when larger than specified size in bytes (must be between 0 and 10485760)
    description: Some Description # Optional description for the API Gateway stage deployment
    binaryMediaTypes: # Optional binary media types the API might return
      - '*/*'
  usagePlan: # Optional usage plan configuration
    quota:
      limit: 5000
      offset: 2
      period: MONTH
    throttle:
      burstLimit: 200
      rateLimit: 100
  stackTags: # Optional CF stack tags
    key: value
  iamManagedPolicies: # Optional IAM Managed Policies, which allows to include the policies into IAM Role
    - arn:aws:iam:*****:policy/some-managed-policy
  iamRoleStatements: # IAM role statements so that services can be accessed in the AWS account
    - Effect: 'Allow'
      Action:
        - 's3:ListBucket'
      Resource:
        Fn::Join:
          - ''
          - - 'arn:aws:s3:::'
            - Ref: ServerlessDeploymentBucket
  stackPolicy: # Optional CF stack policy. The example below allows updates to all resources except deleting/replacing EC2 instances (use with caution!)
    - Effect: Allow
      Principal: "*"
      Action: "Update:*"
      Resource: "*"
    - Effect: Deny
      Principal: "*"
      Resource: "*"
      Action:
        - Update:Replace
        - Update:Delete
      Condition:
        StringEquals:
          ResourceType:
            - AWS::EC2::Instance
  vpc: # Optional VPC. But if you use VPC then both subproperties (securityGroupIds and subnetIds) are required
    securityGroupIds:
      - securityGroupId1
      - securityGroupId2
    subnetIds:
      - subnetId1
      - subnetId2
  notificationArns: # List of existing Amazon SNS topics in the same region where notifications about stack events are sent.
    - 'arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:XXXXXX:mytopic'
  resourcePolicy:
    - Effect: Allow
      Principal: "*"
      Action: execute-api:Invoke
      Resource:
        - execute-api:/*/*/*
      Condition:
        IpAddress:
          aws:SourceIp:
            - "123.123.123.123"
  tags: # Optional service wide function tags
    foo: bar
    baz: qux
  tracing:
    apiGateway: true
    lambda: true # Optional, can be true (true equals 'Active'), 'Active' or 'PassThrough'
  logs:
    restApi: true # Optional configuration which specifies if API Gateway logs are used
    websocket: true # Optional configuration which specifies if Websockets logs are used

package: # Optional deployment packaging configuration
  include: # Specify the directories and files which should be included in the deployment package
    - src/**
    - handler.js
  exclude: # Specify the directories and files which should be excluded in the deployment package
    - .git/**
    - .travis.yml
  excludeDevDependencies: false # Config if Serverless should automatically exclude dev dependencies in the deployment package. Defaults to true
  artifact: path/to/my-artifact.zip # Own package that should be used. You must provide this file.
  individually: true # Enables individual packaging for each function. If true you must provide package for each function. Defaults to false


functions:
  usersCreate: # A Function
    handler: users.create # The file and module for this specific function.
    name: ${self:provider.stage}-lambdaName # optional, Deployed Lambda name
    description: My function # The description of your function.
    memorySize: 512 # memorySize for this specific function.
    reservedConcurrency: 5 # optional, reserved concurrency limit for this function. By default, AWS uses account concurrency limit
    runtime: nodejs10.x # Runtime for this specific function. Overrides the default which is set on the provider level
    timeout: 10 # Timeout for this specific function.  Overrides the default set above.
    role: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXX:role/role # IAM role which will be used for this function
    onError: arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:XXXXXX:sns-topic # Optional SNS topic / SQS arn (Ref, Fn::GetAtt and Fn::ImportValue are supported as well) which will be used for the DeadLetterConfig
    awsKmsKeyArn: arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:XXXXXX:key/some-hash # Optional KMS key arn which will be used for encryption (overwrites the one defined on the service level)
    environment: # Function level environment variables
      functionEnvVar: 12345678
    tags: # Function specific tags
      foo: bar
    vpc: # Optional VPC. But if you use VPC then both subproperties (securityGroupIds and subnetIds) are required
      securityGroupIds:
        - securityGroupId1
        - securityGroupId2
      subnetIds:
        - subnetId1
        - subnetId2
    package:
      include: # Specify the directories and files which should be included in the deployment package for this specific function.
        - src/**
        - handler.js
      exclude: # Specify the directories and files which should be excluded in the deployment package for this specific function.
        - .git/**
        - .travis.yml
      artifact: path/to/my-artifact.zip # Own package that should be use for this specific function. You must provide this file.
      individually: true # Enables individual packaging for specific function. If true you must provide package for each function. Defaults to false
    layers: # An optional list Lambda Layers to use
      - arn:aws:lambda:region:XXXXXX:layer:LayerName:Y # Layer Version ARN
    tracing: Active # optional, can be 'Active' or 'PassThrough' (overwrites the one defined on the provider level)
    events: # The Events that trigger this Function
      - http: # This creates an API Gateway HTTP endpoint which can be used to trigger this function.  Learn more in "events/apigateway"
          path: users/create # Path for this endpoint
          method: get # HTTP method for this endpoint
          cors: true # Turn on CORS for this endpoint, but don't forget to return the right header in your response
          private: true # Requires clients to add API keys values in the `x-api-key` header of their request
          authorizer: # An AWS API Gateway custom authorizer function
            name: authorizerFunc # The name of the authorizer function (must be in this service)
            arn:  xxx:xxx:Lambda-Name # Can be used instead of name to reference a function outside of service
            resultTtlInSeconds: 0
            identitySource: method.request.header.Authorization
            identityValidationExpression: someRegex
            type: token # token or request. Determines input to the authorier function, called with the auth token or the entire request event. Defaults to token
      - websocket:
          route: $connect
          authorizer:
            # name: auth    NOTE: you can either use "name" or arn" properties
            arn: arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:1234567890:function:auth
            identitySource:
              - 'route.request.header.Auth'
              - 'route.request.querystring.Auth'
      - s3:
          bucket: photos
          event: s3:ObjectCreated:*
          rules:
            - prefix: uploads/
            - suffix: .jpg
      - schedule:
          name: my scheduled event
          description: a description of my scheduled event's purpose
          rate: rate(10 minutes)
          enabled: false
          # Note, you can use only one of input, inputPath, or inputTransformer
          input:
            key1: value1
            key2: value2
            stageParams:
              stage: dev
          inputPath: '$.stageVariables'
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
      - sns:
          topicName: aggregate
          displayName: Data aggregation pipeline
      - sqs:
          arn: arn:aws:sqs:region:XXXXXX:myQueue
          batchSize: 10
      - stream:
          arn: arn:aws:kinesis:region:XXXXXX:stream/foo
          batchSize: 100
          startingPosition: LATEST
          enabled: false
      - alexaSkill:
          appId: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx
          enabled: true
      - alexaSmartHome:
          appId: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx
          enabled: true
      - iot:
          name: myIoTEvent
          description: An IoT event
          enabled: true
          sql: "SELECT * FROM 'some_topic'"
          sqlVersion: beta
      - cloudwatchEvent:
          event:
            source:
              - "aws.ec2"
            detail-type:
              - "EC2 Instance State-change Notification"
            detail:
              state:
                - pending
          # Note, you can use only one of input, inputPath, or inputTransformer
          input:
            key1: value1
            key2: value2
            stageParams:
              stage: dev
          inputPath: '$.stageVariables'
          inputTransformer:
            inputPathsMap:
              eventTime: '$.time'
            inputTemplate: '{"time": <eventTime>, "key1": "value1"}'
      - cloudwatchLog:
          logGroup: '/aws/lambda/hello'
          filter: '{$.userIdentity.type = Root}'
      - cognitoUserPool:
          pool: MyUserPool
          trigger: PreSignUp

layers:
  hello: # A Lambda layer
    path: layer-dir # required, path to layer contents on disk
    name: ${self:provider.stage}-layerName # optional, Deployed Lambda layer name
    description: Description of what the lambda layer does # optional, Description to publish to AWS
    compatibleRuntimes: # optional, a list of runtimes this layer is compatible with
      - python3.7
    licenseInfo: GPLv3 # optional, a string specifying license information
    allowedAccounts: # optional, a list of AWS account IDs allowed to access this layer.
      - '*'
    retain: false # optional, false by default. If true, layer versions are not deleted as new ones are created

# The "Resources" your "Functions" use.  Raw AWS CloudFormation goes in here.
resources:
  Resources:
    usersTable:
      Type: AWS::DynamoDB::Table
      Properties:
        TableName: usersTable
        AttributeDefinitions:
          - AttributeName: email
            AttributeType: S
        KeySchema:
          - AttributeName: email
            KeyType: HASH
        ProvisionedThroughput:
          ReadCapacityUnits: 1
          WriteCapacityUnits: 1
  # The "Outputs" that your AWS CloudFormation Stack should produce.  This allows references between services.
  Outputs:
    UsersTableArn:
      Description: The ARN for the User's Table
      Value:
        "Fn::GetAtt": [ usersTable, Arn ]
      Export:
        Name: ${self:service}:${opt:stage}:UsersTableArn # see Fn::ImportValue to use in other services and http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html for documentation on use.
```
